---
title: Kernel Plugin - V2ray Integration
---

# Plugin - V2ray Integration

- How V2ray can be used together with Trojan / SSR

## What is V2ray Integration

Qv2ray has its special feature, to integrate plugin kernels (SSR / Trojan) with V2ray Core.

Many kernels do not have built-in routing engine, (e.g SSR), they depend on the PAC feature. Qv2ray is now breaking this dependency, where users do not need a PAC file, but V2ray-Core to replace the PAC.

## Why not PAC?

PAC feature has been marked as deprecated by Qv2ray development group. We do not suggest our users to use, below are the reasons:

- PAC relies on an existing rule, which can be generated by `GFWList` or some other domain lists.
- Editing an PAC file locally is difficult, and error-prone, a single typo/syntax error will make the whole PAC file in trouble.
- V2ray has its own routing table implementations and `geoip`, `geosite` data is generated from the official providers, they update the list frequently
- Using of V2ray Integration is easier than setting up PAC.

## How V2ray Integration works

There are several steps:

1. Qv2ray detected an/some outbound config(s) is/are for one/some plugin kernels.
2. Qv2ray will allocate port, for HTTP inbound and SOCKS inbound (any if enabled) for each kernel.
3. Qv2ray will replace the kernel plugin outbound to HTTP/SOCKS outbound(s), each corresponded to a specific plugin with appropriate inbound protocol.
4. New routing table entries will be added to V2ray config file, to route HTTP inbound to the plugin HTTP inbound, and the same with SOCKS
5. Qv2ray will start all kernel plugins used in this connection config. Then start V2ray.
6. Qv2ray will collect stats data from V2ray, instead of getting them from individual plugins.

## Benefit from V2ray Integration

- Bypass CN domains and IP addresses.
- Bypass Local Area Network Addresses.
- Qv2ray’s advanced routing matrix settings.
- Custom DNS settings.
